= HALP

On 2011-09-04, I checked the setup links below and found them broken.
I could not find the sdl file on the kmaryu.net set and after about 10
minutes of research I could not find a suitable, buildable candidate
for the gem. Coffeescript and Raphael.js have come a LONG way since
then, however, and I'm thinking of rewriting this whole thing in
Coffee. Anyone interested in pairing on this? Contact me on Skype or
Gmail, where by username as ratgeyser. -- David Brady

= Dijkstra

This is a silly Rubygame demo that visualizes Dijkstra's algorithm for
computing the minimal spanning tree. His algorithm is essentially:

1. Start with all the nodes in the "Outs" graph. Choose one node at
random and move it to the "Ins" graph.

2. All nodes in the Outs graph calculate the distance to the new Ins
node. Out nodes keep track of the closest In node; if this one closer,
make this the preferred node.

3. Find the Out node with the shortest distance, and link it to the
Ins graph. This node is now the new Ins node.

4. If there are any nodes left in Ins, go back to step 2.

= Usage

Run it. Watch the pretty lines. That's it, that's the whole app. Hit
ESC to quit at any time.

Legend:

* Yellow circles are unconnected, Outs nodes.
* Yellow lines are preferred connections, the best connection to the
  Ins graph that this node can make so far.
* Green circles are connected, Ins nodes.
* Green lines are the finalized links, the best possible connections.

When the program finishes, the green links represent the minimum
spanning tree.

= Installation

To run dijkstra, just run dijkstra.rb. But first, you need Rubygame.
These instructions detail how to set that up.

On MacOSX:

Condensed from http://rubygame.sourceforge.net/doc/2_2_0/files/doc/macosx_install_rdoc.html

  sudo port install libsdl
  sudo port install libsdl_gfx libsdl_image libsdl_mixer libsdl_ttf
  wget http://www.kumaryu.net/?c=plugin;plugin=attach_download;p=%28Ruby%29+Ruby%2FSDL%CD%D1ruby;file_name=rsdl.tar.gz 
  tar -zxvf rsdl.tar.gz
  cd rsdl
  make
  sudo cp rsdl /usr/local/bin

If any of that doesn't work on your machine, you're screwed. Go ask
Google; I have no clue how to debug SDL setup. Sorry about that.

On other OSes:

Noodle around on http://rubygame.sourceforge.net/


= Running Dijkstra

== MacOSX:

  rsdl dijkstra.rb

== Linux:

  ruby dijkstra.rb

